[Node.js] Style guide fixes for TDBX vale rules (#842)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/cursor.txt

Read operations that return multiple documents do not immediately return
all values matching the query. Because a query can potentially match

> very large sets of documents, these operations return data in an
> object called a cursor. A cursor fetches documents in batches to reduce both

Reviewer: S: cursors reference data, but do not necessarily contain data
```suggestion
very large sets of documents, these operations return an
object called a cursor, which references the returned documents. A cursor fetches documents in batches to reduce both
```

Cursor Paradigms
----------------

> You can work with cursors using several **cursor paradigms**.

Author: Went with something slightly different. The "with cursors" part seems inherent, and the core communication is that there are several different cursor paradigms.
```suggestion
You can use several different **cursor paradigms** to access data.
```
